 Work with clients to identify key business objectives in order to define how the requirements will be transformed in features in the mobile solution.  Perform business process and management consulting analysis in order to further define and detail the scope of work.  Manage the scope of the project from inception to closure including processing any needed change orders.  Define and develop implementation schedules and project budgets. Set expectations in terms of time and budget required to accomplish technology and business objectives with the client and internal team members.  Ensure effective completion of project milestones by allocating and managing project resources. Actively maintain all project schedules  resource plans  and budgets throughout the project lifecycle.  Work with the CTO and senior management to ensure companywide goals for resource utilization are achieved.  Work with projects leads to ensure projects are delivered to specifications while also managing to the defined scope of work.  Work with the sales team and practice leadership to build solid client relationships that position the manager and key team members as trusted advisors to the client.  Support the sales team in gathering requirements and developing a solution that fits with a strong value proposition.  Manage the customer satisfaction process  so that every engagement is rated and scored.  Achieve a project client satisfaction rating per engagement at or exceeding corporate target. Possess strong technical background in order to provide detailed estimations on timing and costs   Certification in Project Management is a plus  PMP  PRINCE2  Certified Scrum Master    Experience with developing for mobile operating systems is a plus   Capable of clarifying complex problems and structures to a broad audience   Experience in large IT projects  preferably in the mobile area   Communicative  accurate and pragmatic   Strong analytical and creative problem solving skills   Motivated  hungry to learn   organized and responsible personality  own initiatives are appreciated    Some familiarity with UI  UX and design processes   Good knowledge of English  both spoken and written  
