 Analysis  Recommendations  and Insights  Based on the business objectives of the business team or project  gather and synthesize relevant information about the user behavior online  the competitive landscape  and industry trends to make recommendations that either optimize the user experience or minimize user obstacles  all to help achieve the specific business objectives. For example  the web analyst may partner with a particular business team who are focused on selling more of their products. The analyst may find trends about messaging or pathing on our web site that results in better conversion for networking. The analyst form this analysis into a recommendation about changes to site content or structure that the team can act on and the analyst measures the resulting impact. Another example  the analyst working with another team may discover that an increasing percentage of users are visiting the site on Android devices and similar patterns are seen in the industry. The analyst may recommend prioritizing Android-specific feature enhancements to the site since this user base is growing.  Reporting  Collaborate with business teams to define their key business requirements  KBRs  and translate those into Key Performance Indicators  KPIs  that can be built into recurring reporting as a way to monitor those indicators over time  highlighting significant changes and investing the cause. The web analyst may be involved in the initial definition  KBRs and KPIs  of the reporting  the initial building of the reporting  and or the ongoing maintenance of the reporting.  Business team support  The web analyst is likely assigned to one or several business teams as the primary analyst contact for those teams. In this role  the web analyst often provides recurring reporting  fielding ad hoc analysis questions  and periodic analysis projects.  Specialization team resource  In addition to other assignments  each member of the web analytics team will be assigned at least one area of specialization to be the teams internal resource for that topic. For example  areas of specialization include social media  competitive research  mobile trends  Omniture Insight architect  advance Excel features  etc.  At least one year experience with web analysis as at least 50% of his her job  including KBR and KPI definition  setting up and maintaining reporting  and doing web analysis and making recommendations.  At least one year experience using a web analytics tool such as Site Catalyst  preferred   Google Analytics  Web Trends  CoreMetrics.  Experience with Omniture Insight  ReportBuilder  or Microsoft Excel advanced features is preferred.  An analytical aptitude and interest - A passion and curiosity to find cause and effect related to user online behavior.  Business acumen - An understanding and appreciation for the fundamental business objectives and the role web analysis plays in helping achieve those business objectives.  Technical savvy -The web analyst role requires advanced use of many software applications and assumes an in-depth understanding of user behavior online. A successful web analyst is more digitally savvy than the average person. 
