 Manage the selection and oversight of External Suppliers  e.g. site management and monitoring CROs  Central Labs  central ECG reading center  etc.   Manage all Study Team activities as defined per SOPs OIs and ensures the organization of regular Study Team meetings  Develop and manage budget  timelines and quality of the study and its deliverables.  Responsible for forecasting and tracking of study costs. Ensuring all relevant IT-systems are updated with current and accurate information  e.g. IMPACT   Responsible for all start up activities e.g. CRO selection  CRF development  drug forecasting  study manuals  monitoring plan  data management plan  definition of end points  selection of safety and efficacy assessments  recruitment planning and oversight.  Write protocols and amendments in collaboration study team members  Responsible for feasibility and site selection to meet study enrollment and timelines.  Responsible for developing the total external study budget and accountable for providing monthly and yearly estimates  tracking study budget  initiating payments  providing monthly information to controlling  OPL  CPL  identifying budget estimate issues and proactively developing a plan for resolving study finance issues.  Track and compiles patient enrollment  data cleaning progress and overall study progress and ensures study timelines are met  Responsible for training and oversight of CROs to ensure compliance with timelines and budget.  Develop appropriate study related training for monitors and site personnel according to GCP and client standards.  Ensure accurate data collection  protocol adherence  patient safety  PK  PD  biopsy sample integrity and GCP compliance.  Point of contact for managing answering questions related to trial procedures and patients eligibility.  Ensure clinical trial registry and results posting  manages the study insurance according to required timelines  Ensure set-up  maintenance and Quality Control of the study Trial Master File  TMF   Conduct lesson learned at any point in time when requested by management or any Study Team member and mandatory at study closure.  Escalate severe deviations to a key parameter  i.e. recruitment  timelines  patient safety  protocol compliance  data collection cleaning  budget  after discussing and in alignment with the Study Team to CPL and functional manager  Bachelors degree or equivalent education  8+ years of Healthcare experience  preferably pharmaceutical industry experience   5 years of experience in Clinical Operations  Monitoring and Study Management  within healthcare or pharmaceutical industry with 3 years of monitoring experience and 2 years of study management experience is preferred  Experience managing and monitoring all activities related to complex phase I and extended phase I IIa clinical trials  Strong organizational skills and ability to collaborate with minimal supervision  Background check required if selected 
