 May supervise staff to include hiring  training  evaluating  performance  providing compensation recommendations  and determining disciplinary actions when necessary.  Manages the development  implementation and administration of health  safety  and environmental  HSE  programs within program guidelines  operates with a wide span of control and autonomy and refers the most sensitive situations to senior management.  Manages site activities with regulatory agencies to verify compliance  resolve situations  and maintain a cooperative working relationship.  Interprets and applies department policies and procedures and applicable laws  rules  and regulations  ensures compliance with these areas.  Performs research projects regarding operational or site programs  serves on project teams  and provides recommendations regarding new or existing operations.  Partners with management on business  organizational  and HSE programs. Provides advice and guidance  and serves as a member of management teams.  Leads management when implementing new or updated HSE prevention and compliance programs.  Oversees and or collects a variety of information  performs various tests and analyses  and completes appropriate logs and documentation.  Performs a variety of investigations  analyses  and research that requires specialized knowledge in several HSE areas  develops reports and findings  and recommends operational changes.  Performs other duties as assigned and ad hoc request as assigned. Bachelors degree in Engineering or related area.  Six+years of progressive HSE experience  to include the administration of broad HSE programs. Note  Specific training may be required upon hire based on education and experience.  Assembly line experience  parts handing  conveyors understanding of ergonomics  bonding grounding.  Industrial coatings  Managing comprehensive health  safety  and environmental programs.  Applying specialized knowledge in an area of health  environmental  and safety programs.  Understanding of OSHA regulations. Coordinating activities with regulatory agencies.  Leading site procedural and operational audits.  Providing direction and consultation on various health  safety  and environmental issue including environmental regulations and permitting  hazard assessment and control JSAs and PHAs.  Developing and implementing programs  policies  and procedures.  Problem solving or root cause identification. Taproot investigations and corrective action  Interpreting and applying department policies and procedures and applicable laws  rules  and regulations.  Facilitating and resolving sensitive health  safety  and environmental questions and concerns.  Working as a member of a management team.  PC skills Microsoft Office applications  Word  Excel  PowerPoint  Outlook   and other applicable applications.  Communicating with co-workers to provide and receive direction. 
