 Develop and maintain strong relationships with key business owners and subject matter experts in order to regularly review customer satisfaction  project priorities  service needs  process improvements  etc.  Work with key business owners to streamline  document  and improve existing and new processes leveraging our current Oracle EBS platform.  Document and communicate functional requirement specifications for system enhancements  and report   data needs to the IT development team.  Provide quality assurance and testing on newly developed customizations and reports before delivering to the user group.  Provide second   third level functional   technical support on issues that are escalated above the first-level help desk.  Provide documentation and training to end user groups on existing functionality and newly developed enhancements.  Provide project management and QA services for all assigned projects and enhancements.  Maintain awareness about the need for new   upgraded application software  research and evaluate new   improved application software  and assist in the software functionality selection process. 4-year degree  Information Systems or Manufacturing degree   background preferred.  7+ years total experience.  5+ years of experience implementing and   or supporting contemporary IT solutions in a manufacturing environment.  Oracle EBS  R12  Applications  Oracle Process Manufacturing  OPM- R12   and process manufacturing experience highly desirable.  Relevant experience with the additional Oracle modules also a plus  PO  iProcurement  Inventory  Adv. Supply Chain Planning  FA  Workflow  eAM  iExpenses  iSupplier  and Order Management.  Strong manufacturing  planning  and supply chain systems experience and background.  Process industry experience preferred.  Solid Project Management skills and experience.  Excellent Communication skills and ability to present project status and definition to senior level business partners.  25% project-based travel expected. 
