  Working  with a large .NET code base to lead projects from inception through to  completion  technical lead experience essential.   Analyze  existing systems and processes and develop new processes  procedures  and  architectures which mitigate risk and protect consumer data in the  development of security related functions and frameworks.   Support  IT Security on investigations related to application and system design and or  configuration issues which ultimately leads to new security strategies.   Specify  enterprise-wide security control systems  for applications and  infrastructure  and guide their implementation from design through to  release.   Continually  improve secure code development  deployment  support and management standards  and practices   Facilitate  Product Selection Process - Ensure that proper due diligence is performed in  relation to product selection - Emerging Technologies  POC  Pilot  RFP  etc   Project  Risk   Complexity Ranking - rank technology and operations  T O   and  information security risk management projects   initiatives  ISRM .   Mentor  and coach other architects and developers.   Expert  level .NET development skills   Experience  with Cryptography Algorithms and Centralized Key Management Systems   Experience  with Penetration Testing   Experience  with adaptive risk analysis applications     Bachelors Degree or equivalent work experience   preferably in computer science.   Experience  as a security analyst   Experience managing both large enterprise and small  ticket-driven projects.   Familiarity with C# and .NET framework or Java   Experience in developing large n-tier mission critical  systems  thorough understanding of concurrency and multi-threaded  programming.   Experience with relational databases  such as Oracle  and MS SQL Server   Good interpersonal skills and ability to work with  multiple disparate teams   Analyze technology risks  security  availability  capability   efficiency and integrity  and provide recommendations to enhance the security  control procedures.   Experience in system or network administration with a  security focus.   Understanding of IP addressing and CIDR notation   domain registration and whois  DNS  SMTP  and black lists.   Understanding of information security concepts and  methodology and ability to learn new technologies.   Knowledge and ability to perform internet-based  problem solving.   Demonstrate and practice strong and effective written  and oral communication skills.   Ability to analyze complex problems and develop  creative solutions.   Ability to effectively manage time and resources in  order to serve as a joint asset across organizations.   Experience with Microsoft Windows Server  Linux  IIS Apache. 
