 Will be responsible for review and approval of analytical method validation program and product development data to support drug applications.  Will be responsible for the review and approval of the laboratory deviation.  Determine and define the root cause for laboratory investigation.  Facilitate meaningful CAPA plan with the responsible parties  including reasonable completion dates.  This position requires an individual well versed in cGMPs  laboratory operation and a solid understanding of method development and validation.  Member of Quality Improvement teams as needed to address Quality   process issues. Lead quality process improvements.  Participate in QRB and other compliance meetings for ensuring compliance requirements are met.  This position must possess interpersonal skill for effective interaction with other departments.  BS  MS or PhD in Chemistry or related discipline.  5 to 7 years of experience in pharmaceutical laboratory with a minimum of 5 years of method development and validation experience for solid dose products.  Technical Skills - Assesses own strengths and weaknesses  Pursues training and development opportunities  Strives to continuously build knowledge and skills  Shares expertise with others.  Quality - Demonstrates accuracy and thoroughness  Looks for ways to improve and promote quality  Applies feedback to improve performance  Monitors own work to ensure quality.  Quantity - Meets productivity standards  Completes work in timely manner  Strives to increase productivity  Works quickly.  Adaptability - Adapts to changes in the work environment  Manages competing demands  Changes approach or method to best fit the situation  Able to deal with frequent change  delays  or unexpected events.  Dependability - Follows instructions  responds to management direction  Takes responsibility for own actions  Keeps commitments  Commits to long hours of work when necessary to reach goals. Completes tasks on time or notifies appropriate person with an alternate plan.  Initiative - Volunteers readily  Undertakes self-development activities  Seeks increased responsibilities  Takes independent actions and calculated risks  Looks for and takes advantage of opportunities  Asks for and offers help when needed.  Professionalism - Approaches others in a tactful manner  Reacts well under pressure  Treats others with respect and consideration regardless of their status or position  Accepts responsibility for own actions  Follows through on commitments.  Teamwork - Balances team and individual responsibilities  Exhibits objectivity and openness to others\' views  Gives and welcomes feedback  Contributes to building a positive team spirit  Puts success of team above own interests  Able to build morale and group commitments to goals and objectives  Supports everyone\'s efforts to succeed.  Oral Communication - Speaks clearly and persuasively in positive or negative situations  listens and gets clarification  Responds well to questions  Demonstrates group presentation skills  Participates in meetings.  Written Communication - Writes clearly and informatively  Edits work for spelling and grammar  Varies writing style to meet needs  Presents numerical data effectively  Able to read and interpret written information.  The noise level in the work environment is usually moderate. 
