 Provide standards-based network security documentation. Configure standards-based network security hardware  management software  and operating systems for all network security elements. Support standards-based network security hardware  management software  and operating systems for all network security elements. Work closely with CERT and other departments on security incidents. Participate in peer-reviews whiteboard sessions to ensure that network security standards are being followed and to finalize security hardware software operating system configurations. Provide proactive recommendations for improvements to network security environment. Perform tier III troubleshooting as required. Work closely with GUC Analysts on security designs for standard requests. Work closely with GUC Incident Response Center for global support concerns. Work closely with global field support personnel for completion of global field projects.  Evaluate network performance  and capacity to insure that the business needs are met. Maintain relationships with all relevant vendors. Ensure the completed infrastructure meets standard configuration  performance and availability requirements  including matching to the Enterprise and Strategic architectures. Ensure compliancy with all MIS and application standards  including all relevant regulatory corporate compliance  PCI  SOX  HIPPA  GLBA  etc\\u2026  Other duties as assigned Bachelors Degree in Computer Science  Information Systems  or related field. Or equivalent work experience. Minimum 3 years of Network Security experience performing planning  design  installation  support and optimization. Working knowledge and experience in Network Security. Working knowledge of security in the following areas  Unified Communications  Wireless  Network Policy Management  Firewalls  IPS  AAA and route switch. Knowledge in deploying  operating  and maintaining various network security systems. Knowledge of enterprise network design. Knowledge of security certificate management and deployment. Working knowledge in managing intrusion prevention detection systems. Working knowledge with vulnerability scans and assessments. Knowledge of authentication and authorization systems and protocols. Skills and experience in Windows Server 2003 2008 and Linux. Strong TCP IP network administration skills. Experience in managing Virtual Private Networks. Experience in managing Firewalls. Solid knowledge of Windows networking and security. Windows UNIX and Active Directory integration experience is a big plus. Experience in network security event and incident management  SEIM . Sarbanes-Oxley security compliance experiences a plus. Credit Card CISP and PCI data security standard compliance experience a plus. Excellent written and oral communications skills with demonstrated commitment to producing high quality documentation. Ability to work well with others across many organizations including development  sales  marketing  finance  customer support  and field service. Professional demeanor and strong work ethic. Cisco and Security Certifications a plus. Must be a Team Player. Professional customer service focused attitude.Hertz is a Drug-Free Workplace. All employment is contingent on successful completion of drug and background screening.EOE M F D VPreferred Requirements   
