 Oversee the deployment and administration of LSS methodologies  tools and activities to help drive a metrics based  performance driven culture  achieving both financial and process improvement targets.  Support business objectives by leveraging LSS tools and activities to build a robust strategy that systematically addresses gaps identified through the Hoshin planning process. Forge a successful relationship and partner with business leaders to assess current processes  identify process improvement opportunities  prioritize and execute large scale projects at the pull of the business. Become established as a recognized expert utilizing the CI skillset. Provide inspirational leadership to the organization in our quest for continuous improvement. Serve as a change agent enabling ongoing culture change  characterized by disciplined execution and accountability. Proactively maintains and demonstrate a CI mindset in own activities and learning.  Direct and support LSS resources in the organization. Ensure established objectives are met or exceeded by conducting regular project and process reviews at each tollgate. Take an active role in ongoing employee development  providing robust coaching and mentoring.  Provide data integrity oversight and technical expertise for projects  ensuring that best practices are identified  shared and replicated where appropriate. Collaborate on cross-organizational improvement opportunities. Ensure quality project management exists in the organization end-to-end  delivering or exceeding agreed upon results  including gaining stakeholder approval and commitment throughout the project life cycle  and implementing sustainment strategy in partnership with process owner.  Certification at Master Black Belt level in Lean Six Sigma methodologies with at least 5 years of active LSS deployment  project and process improvement work. Minimum of five years management experience with significant P   L responsibility  including both direct supervision of employees and leading teams. Experience with virtual teams a must. Proven track record leading LSS projects and events using industry standard LSS tools and methodologies which achieved significant improvements to cost  quality and time.  Must be willing to relocate to Estero  Florida. Proven experience with established continuous improvement methodologies Solid business and financial acumen Proven project management experience Competent with MS Office elements including Excel  Word  PowerPoint  Project  and Access Proficient with industry standard statistical software  Minitab etc.  Igrafx  Tableau experience a plus Demonstrates extensive LSS and change management experience in applying contemporary improvement tools with direct responsibility for delivering broad organizational improvements. Results based leadership style  managing complex projects and leveraging influencing skills across a diverse team ranging from frontline employees to senior executives. Proven ability in strategy development  program implementation  team building  coaching  mentoring and project delivery. Strong business and technical skills in LSS methodologies including DMAIC  DFSS  Lean  8D  Hoshin planning  VSM  QFD  FMEA  5S etc. Experience in a transactional environment desired. Strong quantitative  analytical and systemic thinking skills with ability to thoroughly synthesize information from different sources Functions with a high degree of autonomy while maintaining a collaborative approach.  Primary   Personality traits  
