 Manages the activities of the Electrical Engineering Group within the New Product Development Department.  Participates in design activities including requirements development  design documentation  schematic capture  software firmware development  and PCB layout.  Leads electronic design for airfield lighting and power systems as part of a cross functional development team.  Communicates effectively with multidisciplinary teams to monitor project progress  manage critical path activities  and to ensure adherence to project milestones and timelines.  Performs and supervises the creation and coordination of electronic requirements and specifications  system diagrams  schematic capture  schematic simulation and evaluation  PCB layout  and firmware requirements   Performs and supervises engineering calculations  measurements and analysis.  Works with Quality to support regulatory activities specifically related to the introduction of new products  as well as responding to internal and external audits  i.e.  FAA  ISO  other regulatory bodies .  Participate Moderate design reviews.  Develop and support test cases for design verification and product validation.  Must be able to effectively multitask.  Some travel required  Bachelors degree in Electrical Engineering from an accredited university or college and atleast 10 years of experience in Electrical Engineering discipline developing products in a manufacturing environment.  At least 5 years of experience leading a team of engineers.  Minimum 2 -3 years programming microcontrollers using C C++.  Analog Digital circuit design  troubleshooting  AC-DC Converter Inverter design. Thorough grasp of electrical design principles and exposure to industrial military components.  Strong computer skills including Microsoft Office productivity suite including MS Project.  Knowledge of revision control systems and practices.  Experience with high power electronics.  Experience with constant current sources and programmable logic controllers preferred.   Familiarity with communication protocols such as CanBus  SPI  I2C  RS232 485  and Ethernet.  Experience with ECAD tools for schematic capture and board layout  preferably Altium.  Experience with Low Power Microcontrollers  including Atmel  PIC  and ST Micro.  Programming Microcontrollers using C C++  Experience with EMI EMC design principles.  Experience with Phase-Gate project management techniques.  Expertise in analog design  software firmware development lifecycle  switching power supply design  LED driver circuits  Strong interpersonal and communication skills.  Working knowledge of commercial and FAA standards such as UL  CE  IEC  Series 150 Advisory Circulars.  Effective oral and written communication skills  including customer interaction.  
