 Researchundeliverable messages to locate and understand deliverability issues.  Monitor networkperformance to determine whether adjustments need to be made to the outbound deployment system to accommodate both ISP and client needs.  Diagnose  troubleshoot  and resolve network performance issues that result from inbound   outbound messaging traffic.  Focus on underlying issues to eliminate recurring account-specific deliverability problems.  Produce reports and analyze program results from a deliverability perspective. Perform analytics  establish regular analysis process  and create benchmark to identify trends or issues.  Utilize all deployment platforms to gain a sound understanding of the application and to execute campaign test plans.  Provide exceptional account-specific deliverability support to build and maintain a positive relationship between the customer and the Company.  Handle customer questions and complaints pertaining to deliverability in a timely  professional manner.  Develop campaignstrategy proposals and test plans for assigned clients in order to improvedeliverability and conversion.  Work side-by-side with the Account Management organization in providing strategic assistance and best practices guidance to assigned clients.  Coordination and  asrequired  project management of key initiatives with other Yesmail functional areas  i.e.  Technology  Media Services  Creative Services Operations   Develop case studies   industry articles  and participate in industry events in support ofthe Yesmail marketing team and on behalf of Yesmail DeliverabilityServices  Collaborate with the Account Management Team and client on campaign scheduling  targeting  mailing issues  procedures  and expectation setting. Exercise discretion in resolving client issues. Ability to apply judgment in problem solving client situations  including whether or not to mail  when an issue has been resolved  and scope of communication with client.  Ability to build and sustain trust among customers and colleagues.  High level of comfort with a technology-driven  fast-paced environment that requires ability to quickly synthesize multiple sources of data.  Ability to work across functional lines.  Sense of urgency.  Ability to use logic and reasoning to identify the strengths and weaknesses of alternative solutions.  Advanced knowledge of technology  online marketing  and the Internet.  Experience analyzing data and using it to drive decisions and create tangible financial value ability to develop marketing strategies and translate those strategies into actionable plans required  Must work well under pressure  be sensitive to deadlines  be able to interact in a team environment  be able to adapt quickly to change  and possess excellent customer serviceskills  Exceptional ability tocommunicate complicated concepts simply and clearly including experiencepreparing and delivering presentations to clients  agencies  vendors  andinternal cross-functional groups is essential  Experience with technical project scoping  business requirement definition  and functionalspecification creation highly desired  Ability to organize prioritize and handle multiple assignments on a daily basis.  Ability to sufficientlycommunicate with individuals at all levels in the Company and with various business contacts outside of the Company in an articulate  professional manner.  Strong phone skills and written communications skills.   Ability to pay close attention to detail with a high degree of accuracy.  Proficient with Microsoft Office  Microsoft Excel and other Internet applications.  Ability to independentlyprioritize work and complete assignments in a timely manner.  Post secondary education is required.  Bachelors degree or college diploma in Computer Science  Marketing or Business is preferred.  
