 Be the CEO of your territory from territory planning to opportunity management to contracts and closing.  Consistently exceed quarterly quotas.  Manage a large pipeline and prioritize effectively.  Carry a bag with multiple solutions including a high dollar  strategic complex solution with 6+ months sales cycle and smaller solutions.  Clearly articulate and demonstrate our solution value proposition.  Collaborate with technical resources for complex opportunities.  Proactively establish and maintain relationships with short and long term prospects within the top 500 Internet Retailers and Consumer Brands from managers to C level executives.  Work with inside sales and marketing to develop successful lead generation plans.  Clearly communicate and collaborate cross functionality.  Collaborate with agency sales and account management for joint agency  product customers.  Leverage Salesforce.com religiously to manage your pipeline.  Feed intel from the field to continually improve Fluids products and sales efforts.  Travel  25% - 50%. A BS from a top tier university.  5+ years of sales experience in SaaS solutions.  Experience working at larger established companies and start-ups is preferred  A passion for  and deep understanding of e-commerce and SaaS software.  Proven ability to sell to C level  VP and directors guiding conversations to meaningful strategic value.  Demonstrated track record of exceeding quota with referable clients  handling complex sales with large dollar amounts  and successfully prioritizing pipeline.  High level of energy  drive  ambition  enthusiasm  initiative  commitment and professionalism.  Results-driven  self-motivated individual with a can-do attitude who can work Proven ability to work collaboratively and solo.  Confident  polished and detail oriented interpersonal  listening  writing  phone and email communication skills.  Outgoing  personable with strong persuasive ability.  Excellent organization  time management  efficiency  and ability to perform under pressure and think on your feet. 
