 Provides coachingand development of the team  ensures solid succession planning.  Promotes agood work environment for employees consistent with Parklands values policies and best practices.  Ensures health  safety   environmental policies are adhered to and allemployees abide by hours of work and safe work practices.  Supervises theday-to-day operations of the branch to ensure all tasks are conductedcorrectly and efficiently.  Generatessales revenues.  Reviewsfinancial statements and budgets and addresses areas of concern to hit setobjectives.  Analyzes branch finances and operationsto optimize productivity and costs.  Managescurrent customer relationships  and calls on prospective customers togenerate new business.  Coordinates conducts product ordering for the branch when supply is low and managesthe product inventory to ensure the supply is replenished when needed.  Oversees the monthlyinventory process to ensure all product balances properly.  Providesproduct knowledge and solutions to customers and employees when needed.  Oversees themaintenance of property and equipment at the branch to ensure everythingis accounted for and remains in working order.  Coordinatesservice needs with vendors  including companies specializing in delivery  janitorial services  rentals  and maintenance.  Maintains acurrent understanding of the Branch Managers Handbook  and otherhandbooks associated with the business  e.g. Petroleum Tank Management  Association of Alberta .  Works inpartnership various team members on a regular basis including the RegionalManager  other branches  and internal departments including Pricing Lubricants  and Credit.  Participatesin Parklands request for quotation and request for proposal processes byworking through various channels to create and complete a company bid  analyzes the success of the process and uses similar channels to createaccounts.  Addresses allcustomer issues involving pricing and deliveries by reviewing detailsrelevant to the situation and listening to customer complaints over the phone  ensuring that the discussion is calm and under control  develops asolution that meets the customers needs in order to maintain the businessrelationship.  Universitydegree and or a minimum of seven years progressive experience with a focus in operations management  business accounting  marketing  and sales.  Industryknowledge relating to energy distribution desired.  Excellentcommunication  organizational  and analytical skills.  Excellentinterpersonal skills with proven leadership ability while maintaining aprofessional and friendly manner is necessary. 
