 Install  configure  troubleshoot  maintain and upgrade operating systems.  Install  configure  troubleshoot  maintain and upgrade hardware and software interfaces with the operating system.  Analyze and evaluate present or proposed business procedures or problems to define data processing needs.  Prepare detailed flow charts and diagrams outlining systems capabilities and processes.  Research and recommend hardware and software based on business requirements.  Develop business requirements with input from stakeholders and management.  Troubleshoot and resolve hardware  software  and connectivity problems  including user access and component configuration.  Select among authorized procedures and seek assistance when guidelines are inadequate  significant deviations are proposed  or when unanticipated problems arise.  Record and maintain hardware and software inventories  licensing  and user access and security.  Install  configure  and upgrade desktop hardware and peripherals.  Work as a team member with other technical staff  to ensure connectivity and compatibility between systems.  Write and maintain system documentation  e.g. run books  Visio  Excel tables .  Conduct technical research on system upgrades to determine feasibility  cost  time required  and compatibility with current system as directed.  Maintain confidentiality with regard to the information being processed  stored or accessed by the network.  Document system problems and resolutions for future reference  in a timely manner.  Assists staff with the installation  configuration  and ongoing usability of desktop computers  peripheral equipment and software within established standards and guidelines.  Works with vendor support contacts to resolve technical problems with desktop computing equipment and software.  Interact with numerous computer platforms in a multi-layered client server environment.  Ensure desktop computers interconnect seamlessly with diverse systems including associated validation systems  file servers  email servers  computer conferencing systems  application servers  and administrative systems.  Trains and orients staff on use of hardware and software.  Recommends and   or performs upgrades on systems to ensure longevity.  Assesses functional needs to determine specifications for purchases.  Assists in maintaining LAN WAN records and  as appropriate.  Other duties as assigned.  Network Focused  Cisco CCNA  req  CCNP Preferred  routing and switching   Some systems work ideal but not required but basic working knowledge of Windows and Linux.  BS or 4+ years of experience.  Good interpersonal skills a must.  
