 Build and maintain an accurate  insightful and easy to use web reporting platform which meets all the needs of the business  Be responsible for all web tracking schemes  to include defining  implementation and validating tracking schemes and rolling out new data and reports to the business  via Adobe Site Catalyst  previously Omniture   Keep all schemes accurate and up to date as the websites develop and with new industry changes e.g. mobile  responsive  Extend tracking schemes in order to track new features and functionality  Work with Engineering team to implement and validate tracking schemes  Build standard dashboards and set up scheduled reports to be consumed across the business  Produce monthly reports to inform the business on how are websites are performing against our KPIs  to include high quality reports  charts and trend analysis. Present reports regularly. Liaise with people from around the business and in local markets to help explain changes in data.  Carry our insightful analysis and make recommendations for website changes based on analysis. Provide Ecommerce Product Managers with insightful analysis which will help them to develop the features of our website and support business cases  Track the benefit of new website features and functionality in order to make further recommendations on how these can be optimised.  Respond to ad hoc data requests from Ecommerce  Sponsorship  Finance  Marketing and the US Corporate team  Provide advanced training in Adobe Site Catalyst in person  online and over the phone  Provide ongoing Adobe Site Catalyst support to all internal clients  including Ecommerce  Marketing and Sponsorship. This support includes being the key contact for Adobe Site Catalyst within the business.  Be key contact for our Competitor Intelligence tools. Make sure the right people have access and appropriate training. Use this data to analyse the strengths and weaknesses of our competitors. Monitor our position within the industry. BSc in a numerate discipline e.g. Mathematics  Proven experience and expert understanding of Adobe Site Catalyst including building tracking schemes  Advanced skills in Microsoft Excel  pivot tables  macros  vlookups  complex formula   Advanced skills in Microsoft PowerPoint  Good grasp of web development technologies and ability to work with developers to ensure appropriate tracking mechanisms are in place.  Excellent presentation  written and verbal communication skills and the ability to work well with a variety of personalities and work styles.  European language s   Multi-divisional and international experience preferred  A fascination with data and analysis  Pro-active attitude  you must have the drive to go out and get to the bottom of our data  Communicative  the ability to explain data to non-specialists  A rigorous approach to work  and an eye for detail  Commercial sensibility and Business Acumen  Passion for digital products  technology and social media 
