 Manages Oil and Gas industry application development projects covering the full life cycle  i.e. from requirement through to handover of the support of the app .  Plans  organises  leads and controls projects in order to deliver required quality apps within agreed timescales and budget  ensuring a quality deliverable at all times. Will be required to define the scope of the project  manage goals  risks  issues and resources and ensure a QA process is applied through projects lifecycle.  Acts as Line Manager or Assignment Manager  or both - for Project Leaders Scrum Masters and other development staff. Directly accountable for budget and resources and for managing resources effectively through appropriate matrix management. Responsible for identifying project stakeholders.  Accountable to the Programme Manager for project deliverables within agreed timescale  to quality and budget.  Ensure Project scope and deliverables are defined  agreed and signed-off with the relevant people  Deliver re-usable Services where interfaces are required to host and core services  Ensure impact of App on existing services and infrastructure is fully accounted for  Create  manage and resource the project plan s   agree and review the plans  costs and resources with the Programme Manager.  Ensure that dynamic change processes are implemented in line with Agile principles.  Liaise with the Platform Design Authority to ensure the design of the app is aligned with the Platform roadmap.  Ensure all project commitments are met. Monitor and report on progress to the Programme Manager and customer in accordance with the reporting standards ensuring the project remains within scope.  Monitor  review and appraise the quality of apps ensuring any shortcomings are identified and resolved.  Diagnose and evaluate potential risks and issues throughout the project. Report regularly to the Programme Manager with regard to such risks and execute appropriate plans to contain them.  Act as point of reference for escalating problems and complaints and manage compliance  contingency and risk situations within own area of control.  Ensure appropriate policy and standards are used and that quality controls are built into the project plan and that mechanisms are in place to assure it.  Responsible for management of new and improved processes within own operational business unit ensuring staff ownership of business needs.  Ensure that appropriate change management processes are implemented.  Identify and manage relationships through effective communication with all stakeholders.  Act as the primary point of contact for the projects that they have been assigned to lead.  Must have the knowledge of Oil and Gas upstream domain project and product rollout.  Typically  will have a proven track record of delivery as a project manager  managing customer facing  IT development and implementation projects.  Should have managed a team of at least 10 staff through the whole project life cycle on more than one occasion  or managed a significant work package within a major project  fully meeting the key accountabilities of a Project Manager.  Must understand and have experience of the Agile software development lifecycle and working with offshore team.  Must be able to demonstrate a practical awareness of commercial and contractual issues.  Must be able to communicate effectively at all levels within Infosys and with the relevant Business.  High level technical platform and systems knowledge  Knowledge of Microsoft .Net and C# programming  Energy domain product awareness  Managing Projects in Diverse Locations  Project Lifecycle and approval process  Project Management Methodologies and tools  Identify and acquire team members  and establish project.  Organise by assigning roles  responsibilities and accountabilities  prioritising tasks  and organising workflow.  Act as Line Manager for team members or establish and support a structure of line management within the team.  Ensure continuity of capability so that the project is always staffed with the required numbers of suitably qualified people to meet current and projected resourcing requirements by effective succession planning  and staff development.  Identify someone who can deputise in their absence.  Create and manage the project budget and input to forecasting processes as required.  Budgeting  Monitor and manage resources  staff  supplier and hardware   software  in a cost effective manner  Project Management  Project Planning  Risk Management  Third Party Management 
