 Supports implementation of HR strategies andinitiatives in partnership with HR Manager to enable the assigned client  groups to execute and achieve the business targets.  Support HR Manager in providing location-specificinsights to help the Center of Excellence team at Headquarters align  overall strategies with location client groups specific requirements.  Effectively work with line management in planning for and meeting business goals and objectives including all HR  processes  programs and initiatives. Demonstrate ability to understandhow the business client groups operate at a fundamental level andpartner with HR Manager to implement these solutions.  Assist in partnership with HR Manager on tacticswith recruitment  people development  employee relations and retention  issues at the lower levels of the organization  including hourlycolleagues. May assist in building organizational capability and benchstrength  ensuring the right people are in the right jobs. This mayinclude participating in talent reviews  succession planning reviews calibration reviews and performance management where appropriate.Promote the company Competency models  performance management processand functional career-pathing tools.  Serves as a change agent and consultant to clientgroups in support of Companys  vision  mission  values  culture and  strategy.  Supports client groups in partnership with HRManager to ensure efficient and effective organizational transition.Partner with Talent Management to deliver against key objectives and initiatives that build capability.  Ensure legal compliance and mitigate the Companys risk through having a basic understanding of most relevant employment  laws and follow agreed processes. May track monitor necessaryinformation related to AA EEO ADAAA I-9  etc.  Promotes the role of HR and enhances the credibility of the function  works collaboratively with HR team members to proactively share best practices and processes.  Responsible for On-boarding process to include New Hire Orientation and development of On-boarding plans and accuracy and timeliness of entry in to ADP Ev5 system.  Ensures a high level of accuracy and timeliness ofthe data or changes in data entered into ADP Ev5 on an ongoing basis.  This includes  but is not limited to  new hires  departmentalreorganizations  promotions  retirements  dates for short term leaves  etc.  Execute with administrative excellence in thefollowing areas  Leave Administration  FMLA  STD  LTD  Personal  Leaves  etc.   HR Budget Administration  Executive Reporting  WorkersCompensation  Hourly Attendance Tracking  Educational Reimbursement  Provides management for Mailroom  including onecolleague and one temporary associate.  Other duties as assigned.   Bachelors Degree required  HR leadership experience or equivalent  combination of education and experience.  3-5 years  of HR Experience in an Operations environment  PHR  Certification preferred  Solid  knowledge of federal  state and local laws as they pertain to HR practices.   Excellent  human relations and verbal written communication skills. Strong  presentation and facilitation skills  Must be  able to prioritize  multi-task and manage time efficiently  Ability  to work across functional lines seamlessly   Proficient in PC software  including spreadsheet  word processing and presentation  software  Strong  interpersonal skills  client support skills  analytical skills 
