 Manage multiple high-priority projects simultaneously which often require considerable resources and high levels of functional integration.  Manage the complete project development life cycle for each assigned project. Setting deadlines  assigning responsibilities  tasking resources  and monitoring progress status of projects.  Schedule and conduct project meetings. Develop detailed work plans  schedules  project estimates  resource plans and status reports.  Work to integrate consistent project management methodology throughout the organization.  Update methodology and templates to conform to changing project management practices.  Assure compliance with BEW standard project management methodologies.  Prepare and present reports for customer updates and Executive Team.  Subordinate development   supervision  PMO Development to include Mission  vision  objectives  Development plan team structure and job descriptions  Policies   procedures  standards  framework Project management tools   practices  Quality control policies   practices ensure that latest quality standards are followed and enforced within the organization.  Quality processes engineering  Quality training planning and strategy  Responsible for project tracking and analysis. Ensuring adherence by quality standards and reviews project deliverables.  Ensure all BEW Global project management activities adhere to the firms ISO 27001 Information Security Management System  ISMS . This includes any annual information and network security training and spot checks on an ad hoc basis to guarantee that BEW Global is constantly improving upon the organizations ISMS. It is vital that the project management team members understand the importance of the ISMS and the subsequent handling of customer data during the project management process. Background in Project Management  Knowledge of PMO Manager functions  Demonstrated organizational and scheduling skills  rigorous attention to detail  Knowledge of project management principles  Business and technology experience  Analytical ability  consultative  and communications skills  strong judgment  Ability to work effectively with team members and with clients  Self-motivated  with ability to manage and follow up on multiple tasks simultaneously  Eligible for Annual Bonus Program  Eligible for Restricted Stock Unit  RSU  Program  Insurance includes health  dental  vision and life insurance  401 k  with employer match  401 k  Company Safe Harbor Profit Sharing  3 Weeks Paid Time Off  $400 annual allowance for Colorado Athletic Club Membership  If interested  please send cover letter and resume to Rob Carson  Vice President of Operations. rcarson@bewglobal.com. Applications sent without a cover letter will not be reviewed.  If selected  an initial phone interview will be scheduled  Candidates chosen from the first round of interviews will be invited to our headquarters for interviews with numerous team members. This typically takes four  4  hours.  If selected for employment an offer letter will be provided contingent on the results of criminal and financial background checks. Please note  due to the nature of our business  the criminal and financial background checks performed are rigorous and any significant issues will disqualify candidates from employment due to contractual requirements we must maintain with specific customers and vendors. 
