  A ctively develop effective relationships with supporting staff members and use supporting staff members as a resource as well as serve as an effective resource to supporting staff members.   Document and evaluate material issues and interface with the Quality Engineer and suppliers  as necessary  to resolve issues.   Assist in root cause analysis for issues affecting production.   Assist in collection and analysis of manufacturing process yield data.   Document and track production deviations and quality alerts.   Assist in the development of and provide continuous improvement input for manufacturing work instructions.   Take an active role in quality improvements based on corrective preventive actions and manufacturing analysis metrics.   Work with Operations Engineers and Manufacturing Coordinators to 1  develop EOTech process control charts on specified parameters or process steps as tools to show areas for improvement and 2  promote a visual workplace.   Perform manufacturing process validation audits and testing.   Partner with leadership and the training team assist in the execution of cross training and certified operator programs.   Understand  communicate  and enforce safety regulations and requirements applicable to the cell environment.   Serve as an employer advocate  role model   positively promoting the company image and appropriately identifying  addressing or directing concerns that may have a negative impact on the company image.   Observe established safety rules and regulations  including  but not limited to the use and maintenance of required personal protective equipment such as safety glasses  etc.   Perform job duties in a manner that maintains compliance with environmental  health and safety regulations  policies and procedures.   All other duties as assigned.   Experience in troubleshooting problems in a manufacturing environment  EOTech product experience preferred .   Demonstrated ability to present information in concise and understandable format to all levels of the organization.   Proven record of working with other internal and external departments in a way that optimizes results.   Demonstrated ability to successfully manage multiple tasks simultaneously while maintaining high quality and focus on the details.   Ability to utilize Microsoft Office programs  an ERP system and computer based time reporting system.   Consistently demonstrate compliance and support toward company rules  policies  procedures  and operational instructions  and the insight to continually review the above for improvement and effectiveness.   Observed as a self-starter with a bias for action.   Ability to multi-task and manage varying tasks and objectives.   Demonstrated ability to make decisions in a fast paces environment.   Demonstrated ability to effectively prioritize and execute work in a timely manner. History of meeting deadlines and productivity standards measures.  
