 Work as the first line foremen to ensure that safe work procedures are being followed. Supervise the establishment and or modification of safe work procedure in full accordance with OSHA policies. Provide maintenance leadership to the Paper Machine area in our efforts to achieve optimum equipment  and process reliability. Evaluate and develop craftspeople. Manage safety incident backlog and ensure safety follow-up with crews. Maintain compliance with federal  state  local and company safety policies and procedures including safety training  inspections  accident investigation and housekeeping. Lead participate on projects in department. Manage contractor resources for maintenance projects. Participate in departmental union management team meetings Communicate with managers and support teams to provide direction and ensure awareness  participation and understanding of issues and opportunities. Communicate with operating and maintenance staff Possess ambulatory capabilities to walk extensively and climb ladders and stairways  and also be able to tolerate temperature extremes in carrying out responsibilities. Must be able to work in high heat and high noise environment Provide extended coverage for equipment downtime periods  holidays  and weekends as scheduled. Will be included on weekend coverage rotation. B.S. Mechanical or Electrical Engineering. Qualified non-degreed candidates will be considered. 5 - 10 years experience in a manufacturing environment. Minimum of 5 years of supervisory experience. Strong technical knowledge and understanding of industrial equipment and components such as pumps  motors  bearings  refrigeration systems  compressors  piping systems  etc. used in paper manufacturing Strong computer skills in regards to SAP  Microsoft applications and CMMS systems Candidate must possess strong organizational  interpersonal  communication  problem solving and decision-making skills  as well as initiative and the ability to delegate decision making and other responsibilities. Ability to handle multiple time sensitive projects and issues. Candidate must possess the ability to interact effectively with all levels of personnel  both hourly and management. Candidate must model NewPage\\ufffds values and achieve results through safe work practices  cross-functional participation  manufacturing excellence  integrity and respect for others. 
