 Responsible for leading and coordinating all Human Resource support for the identified Alcon R D client group. Defines and aligns HR strategy and tactics to the overall business priorities of the R D organization and effectively manages the execution of these initiatives to result in improved business performance.  Serves as a strategic advisor to senior R D Leader s  for the business and partners with their respective management team to translate the commercial needs of the business into actionable  value add HR programs and initiatives that enable growth leadership.  Serves as champions  leads or supports business initiatives focused on enhancing organization effectiveness  performance and talent  including but not limited to  Organization Design and Effectiveness  Organization and Capabilities Review  potential ratings  succession plans  development plans  and calibration sessions   Performance Management and Rewards  Training Development  nominations  executive coaching   Employee Engagement  Diversity and Inclusion.  Work closely with Franchise Heads and their respective leadership team on all organizational change initiatives  reorganizations  talent upgrades  promotions  reductions in force  performance improvement plans  separations and related communications .  Ensure that organizational change efforts are managed effectively and in a legally defensible manner.  First line contact for clients regarding all human resource activities. Effectively coordinate overall HR support to ensure that clients needs are met in timely  high-quality fashion for staffing  employee relations  compensation  salary planning  training  development  recognition reward  relocation and other HR related services.  Provide services directly to R D Leadership team or act as liaison between clients and the Alcon COEs and or HR Services team. Active member of leadership team for client groups.  Advise and influence all levels of management on all aspects of people management and leadership. Consult with R D Leadership Team members  leadership teams  directors  managers and supervisors on strategic business initiatives and assesses impact on employees. Actively participate in staff meetings and business meetings and other business action teams as assigned.  Participate on various project teams and manage various other tasks as assigned by Global Head  R D Human Resources.  10 years of progressive human resource experience or a combination of human resource and business experience  Significant experience in various HR disciplines  including OE OD  talent assessment development coaching  compensation and rewards  Employee Relations  and change management  Demonstrated ability to influence  strong business acumen and experience with commercial organizations  Demonstrated analytical capability and understanding 
