 Key member of the Global Sales Enablement team  may have direct reports.  Create and deliver on the Global Sales Enablement training agenda.  Act as an advocate for the field  particularly Sales  making sure the field has what they need  when they need it  in the format that works for them.  Contribute to local training events  brown bag efforts  and webinars.  Contribute to the execution of sales onboarding and new hire practices.  Support sales leadership in developing first line sales manager training and coaching programs.  Develop the right combination of video  webinar  online and in person enablement delivery techniques leveraging industry best practices.  Create training content specifically for the field with the objective of capturing best practices  building momentum  recognizing success and driving culture  Manage follow-up programs that reinforce and extend various training efforts.  Capture and report on enablement metrics and report results.  Communicate with the field on both a formal and informal basis. Become a trusted advisor to various parts of the business  particularly sales leadership across regions  BUs and LOBs.  Excellent presentation skills and ability to write in multiple styles  business  motivation  information  persuasion  humor .  Drive continuous improvement for field enablement processes and technologies BA BS in Business or equivalentwith extensive experience working in global  complex sales organizations  consultative skills a plus.  Proven skills at bringing together disparate parts of the organization to drive cohesive outcomes for the field.  Knowledge of how to drive results in environments where business owners may have competing objectives.  Demonstrate excellent working knowledge of field and sales organizations and culture.  Must be comfortable working with all levels.  Ability to operate in both a strategic and detailed manner.  Understands business needs underlying the initiatives and changes.  Expert at developing change management strategies and plans linked to business needs.  Excellent problem solving skills.  Strong at challenging limiting assumptions  identifying root causes of impediments to change and understanding systems and processes needed to support change.  Highly credible  effective at raising difficult issues and inspiring action.  Solid influencing  presentation  written and verbal communication abilities.  Excellent partnering skills and ability to manage and negotiate with cross-functional teams.  Good project and program management skills.  Strong technical and IT skills.  Knowledge and understanding of sales culture and supporting infrastructure a plus. 
