 Reports to Engilitys NAVAIR West Program Manager and serves as Engilitys principle customer contact and corporate liaison with the customer base.  Responsible for business development for NAWCWD China Lake and supporting the Navy Programs Business Areas strategic business development initiatives  to include participation in teaming arrangements  proposals  strategic capture plans for upcoming opportunities  and maintenance of the business development pipeline.  The Sr. Manager coordinates the efforts of multiple contract managers and team leaders encompassing more than 3 contracts and approximately120 employees  to include monitoring and executing budgets  financials and AOP.  Directs all phases of programs from inception through completion.  Responsible for the cost  schedule and technical performance of company programs or subsystems of major programs.  Participates in the negotiation of contract and contract changes.  Coordinates the preparation of proposals  business plans  proposal work statements and specifications  operating budgets and financial terms conditions of contract.  Acts as primary customer contact for program activities  leading program review sessions with customer to discuss cost  schedule  and technical performance.  Establishes milestones and monitors adherence to master plans and schedules  identifies program problems and obtains solutions  such as allocation of resources or changing contractual specifications.  Directs the work of employees assigned to the program from technical and administrative areas.  Coordinates data inputs with senior management At least 14 years related experience  preferably in Engineering  Contract Support Services  project management or program management related to Navy Engineering and Navy Weapons Systems.  8+ years of experience in management roles.  Recent experience supporting company corporate operations  including personnel  budget  financial and strategic operations.  Recent experience in a company corporate leadership role.  Recent and relevant experience in contract sub-contract management in a performance based contract environment.  B.S.   B.A. preferably in Engineering field  MBA or Masters preferred.  Able to work onsite in Ridgecrest  CA 
