 Reading and interpreting engineering specifications. Structural design  analysis  and optimization. Perform detailed design and technical drawings of systems  components  and interfaces. Engineering support of component manufacturing and build activities. Technical input into vehicle level and sub-system trades. Engineering support of development testing. Analysis and interpretation of test data. Presentation of results and recommendations to internal team and external customers. Work collaboratively across multiple engineering disciplines. Supports technical reviews  direct interaction with customers. Performs other job related duties as assigned by management. MS in Engineering and 3+ years experience  or a BS in Engineering with 5+ years experience. Experience with suspension system component design  power train component design  gearboxes  differentials  and transmissions   chassis design  tube frame  monocoque   and or vehicle dynamics is beneficial. Experience performing structural  and or thermal analysis using FEA software. Proficient in CAD modeling using a major software package  e.g.  SolidWorks  ProE  UG-NX  or CATIA V5 . Ability to apply GD T to components and assemblies per ASME Y14.5-1994. Exposure to prototype manufacturing techniques. Understanding of casting  forging  machining  and general manufacturing processes.  Must be a generalist with involvement in systems level design and experience working in a cross-functional engineering team. Aptitude for interacting confidently with engineers  program managers  and OEMs. Ability to multi-task and demonstrate attention to quality  timing  awareness of budget constraints  and other program considerations.  Comfortable working to highly accelerated program timelines. Must be willing to work overtime as needed to meet critical program milestones. Excellent verbal and written communications skills. Ability to effectively communicate with engineering and manufacturing staff  internal and external to the organization. Solid experience with MS Office tools. Knowledge of ANSI ISO ASQ Q9000 or equivalent quality system. 
