 Lead Process Team within the Materials  Process and Delivery Department with technical and administrative responsibilities. Lead the Optimization of process to improve batch cycle times and improvement of formulas between different making systems and improved formulation and processing robustness to avoid Out of Specs.  Able to identify opportunities that would create business strategies to win. Lead the Process Teams. Play a key role on the delivery of the plant CBN.  Develop in- depth technical mastery on disciplines like MPD  R D  and Operations for Process Technologies. Understanding of the formulation and process development for Beauty Care or other regulated business. Understand the Innovation process and manage complex projects that would involve different disciplines. Improve process transformation  material functionality and critical process parameters capability throughout the Making  Process  Operations.  Influence to other disciplines of the business  even if they are on different global locations in order to achieve break thru results.  Demonstrate capability to deliver results and work across functions  regions  hierarchy levels and cultures. Global nature of this business requires working successfully with other functions and locations regions.  Manage multiple priorities - Cayey is a complex site  and leaders need to be able to manage multiple priorities in a dynamic and multiple tasks enviroment. Have a good working knowledge of the different technical systems related to initiatives launch and cost savings projects. These would include knowledge of technical readiness systems  QA systems  EWP  FC  RMS  etc. Experience in Manufacturing  engineering and or R D systems like IWS  GSUM  MOPD and SIMPL. Strong problem solving and troubleshooting skills. Has capability to identify problems  determine root causes and recommend execute permanent and innovative solutions.  Excellent interpersonal skills. Highly motivated  self-starter and accountable. Be 18 years of age or older Bachelors Degree in Engineering or Science 5+ years of experience in relate field 3+ years Managerial Experience is a must 5+ years in Pharmaceutical experience Able to work after hours and weekends  Bilingual  Excellent oral and written communication skills in both English and Spanish Computer Literate  Excel  Word  Power Point  Outlook  etc. Strong Knowledge understanding of GMPs  Good Manufacturing Practices  and related policies and procedures 
