  Full lifecycle of technology infrastructure systems  including identification of need  sourcing  design  engineering  development  testing  and lead the deployment effort with the implementation team.   Knowledge of the full range of technologies available  build productive  beneficial relationships with vendors and influence management at all levels in acceptance and adoption of new technologies.   In partnership with vendors  engineer and customize solutions that integrate with the overall technical architecture  including technology infrastructure deployment company-wide.   Serve as internal subject matter expert  consultant and troubleshooter  responsible for stakeholder satisfaction with infrastructure technology  tracking technical and business trends  assessing their impact and developing strategies to leverage information to build solutions .   Develops architecture  leads design and integration to support large-scale enterprise initiatives  delivers presentations to all levels of the organization  including executive level  defines project scope  plans  and deliverables including cost and timelines.   Develops and Translates technical specifications to working documents.   Reviews approves detailed documentation for implementation teams and plans for testing requirements to validate system design.   Applies defined guidelines to effectively manage risks.   Recommends lifecycle roadmap of complex products.   Works with vendors to develop options and provide recommendations.   Participates in the review development of industry standards.   Contributes to the creation and delivery of intellectual capital assets.   Ensures support is available and acts as escalation point for specified technologies.   Familiarity with  or exposure to  multiple related areas of technology.   Acts as a consultant on complex issues  having a wide internal contact network   3 - 5 years experience architecture and planning  ability to design and implement complex multitenant solutions  both independently and collaboratively.   Experience and or training related to Architecture for Internet Service Providers  Data Center companies or hosting cloud providers is required.   Hold industry recognized certification  VCP  VCAP  VDX-Cloud  is an asset.   The candidate will have at least 7 years experience in a deploying highly scalable Internet facing solutions.   Experience in Telecommunication services   Experience includes Security Architecture Design and Implementation   At least 7+ years experience in Linux systems deployment   At least 3+ years experience with VMWare vSphere  Enterprise Storage   At least 5+ years experience with Web Servers  DNS Servers  Email servers  LDAP    At least 2+ years with Puppet Chef and related technology.   Ability to learn new technology and quickly understand it is essential in this role.   Knowledge of current IT methodologies and systems technologies and standard   Architectural background-Strong foundation  
